Minor styling errors fixed (#859)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/3.1/docs/tsa-arch/daml-app-arch-design.rst

4. Key Takeaways
================
1. A Daml app typically requires three components: an app frontend, Daml models, and app backends. Daml models need to be deployed on the app provider’s and each app user’s participant node.
2. A Daml application backend serves three primary purposes: provisioning higher-level APIs for communication with the ledger, automating on-ledger workflows, and integrating with off-ledger systems.
3. When implementing a higher-level API, use PQS to read from the ledger. On the write path to the ledger, reliability is the most important consideration, which includes two related factors: retry behavior on command failure and idempotency of command submission.
4. The functions served by a Daml app backend are not unusual, and the tech stack required to implement it is standard. Use the standard enterprise application stack for building the Daml app backend.

> 5. There are various options for developing and operating the app backends and frontends, and the app architecture can evolve over time. Initially favoring an architecture that minimizes software engineering and operational effort for app users while meeting their requirements is recommended. This approach helps minimize delivery risk and maximize the total addressable market for the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. There are various options for developing and operating the app backends and frontends, and the app architecture can evolve over time. The recommended approach is to initially favor an architecture that minimizes software engineering and operational effort for app users while meeting their requirements. This approach helps minimize delivery risk and maximize the app's total addressable market.
```
